New, I'm fine.
Don t worry, you can go first, so I ll go first.
Goodbye.
Try hard, if not.
We went to the hospital for a check-up.
What is it that doesn't need this for me?
How is that possible?
If not, I'll buy you some medicine first.
Wow.
I'm a little sleepy now.
Secretary Ninh will take me home.
All right, let's go.
Don t you really need to go check it out?
You can work now.
No more.
What's wrong? Your house is here.
It's late, I also have to go home and rest. I won't go. I'll see you tomorrow.
See you tomorrow.
Drive so fast.
Are you afraid of coming home late?
Afraid that man is angry.
Why are you so late for work today? I'm tired.
First snow, you coax my sister
Oh, I'm so tired, I finally got off work today.
It's hard, eat a little more today.
Yeah, that's right, first snow.
Your colleagues will not make it difficult for you later.
Of course not.
I warned him if I ever had a job.
The first person to be examined was him.
You don't know.
If it wasn't for the lake today,
I don't know what's going to happen.
Classmate, why have you been telling me about this boss lately?